Add new gradient system for linear FV. (#33381)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/fvgradientmethods/FVGreenGaussGradient.md

# FVGreenGaussGradient

## Overview

This method computes gradients for cell-centered linear finite-volume variables using the
Green-Gauss theorem [!cite](moukalled2016finite). For a cell $C$ with
volume $V_C$, the method approximates the gradient of a cell-centered field $\phi$ as

!equation
\nabla \phi_C \approx \frac{1}{V_C}\sum_f \phi_f \mathbf{S}_f,

where $f$ ranges over the cell faces, $\phi_f$ is the face value interpolated from adjacent
cell-centered values and boundary data, and $\mathbf{S}_f$ is the outward face area vector.

Use this method when a linear FV variable or a gradient-based interpolation method needs gradients.

> MOOSE also provides two built-in method names for convenience:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MOOSE also provides two built-in method names for convenient input into gradient method parameters:
```
